I'm here with the fun we brothers i'm
here with Mason Mason Jr power cord for
Duke University and mile high miles
coming senior power for it to do and
what are you competing today you're
gonna start off with the world fun
simple your tomahawk jam and then we'll
get a little more a little more
complicated
like a boss
so y'all are about to teach me how to
done just everything that goes into
Duncan I'm the biggest thing especially
when you're playing against another team
beating the other guy other hand so how
could and then do you know as you're
heading to Duncan hyperdunk that you
want to do well in the game you have to
do kind of those two points because most
important thing is finishing sometimes
there will be people in the way and you
just got to go through them then there's
a breakaway done with you a chocolate
one so you can show that coming off
there yeah well show you though all
right we'll change your seat oh oh well
I'm gonna yeah right okay all right well
let's do it
come on
all right we're gonna start with a power
slam off Burt yeah
yeah exactly Amy so once and care you
can't smile and do it you guys just
kidding sorry an ally your tummy Elliot
okay okay ready oh that make it just
kind of done cut your first catch it
you're gonna go up you're gonna cover
your eyes oh yeah duck it you don't
actually cover your eyes I should just
just like on kind of go like that with
another yeah like a bomb oh so say you
beat your defender going this way yeah
and um they won't expect to see you like
rise up real quick
I idiot all right guys this is great
thank you so much for coming out with me
and teach me how to dunk how did I do
yeah awesome hi mom okay join the team
maybe go to mourn ice cream oh okay
great well we have countdown coming up
this weekend and excited about it oh
yeah always Oh your side forever I'm
very excited well this is great I
appreciate you all coming out so much
this is another edition of Jay fish
versus the new pens basketball